now the whole
now the whole had one language and one speech and it
had one language and one speech and it
had one language and one speech and it came to pass as they journeyed from the
came to pass as they journeyed from the
came to pass as they journeyed from the east that they found a plain in the land
east that they found a plain in the land
east that they found a plain in the land of Shinar and they dwelt there then they
of Shinar and they dwelt there then they
of Shinar and they dwelt there then they said to one another come let us make
said to one another come let us make
said to one another come let us make bricks and bake them thoroughly they had
bricks and bake them thoroughly they had
bricks and bake them thoroughly they had brick for stone and they had asphalt for
brick for stone and they had asphalt for
brick for stone and they had asphalt for mortar come let us build ourselves a
mortar come let us build ourselves a
mortar come let us build ourselves a city and a tower whose top tis in the
city and a tower whose top tis in the
city and a tower whose top tis in the heavens
heavens
heavens let us make a name for ourselves lest we
let us make a name for ourselves lest we
let us make a name for ourselves lest we be scattered abroad over the face of the
be scattered abroad over the face of the
be scattered abroad over the face of the whole earth but the Lord came down to
whole earth but the Lord came down to
whole earth but the Lord came down to see the city and the town which the sons
see the city and the town which the sons
see the city and the town which the sons of men had built indeed the people are
of men had built indeed the people are
of men had built indeed the people are one and they all have one language and
one and they all have one language and
one and they all have one language and this is what they begin to do now
this is what they begin to do now
this is what they begin to do now nothing that they propose to do will be
nothing that they propose to do will be
nothing that they propose to do will be withheld from him come let us go down
withheld from him come let us go down
withheld from him come let us go down and there confuse their language that
and there confuse their language that
and there confuse their language that they may not understand one another's
they may not understand one another's
they may not understand one another's speech so the Lord scattered them abroad
speech so the Lord scattered them abroad
speech so the Lord scattered them abroad from there over the face of all the
from there over the face of all the
from there over the face of all the earth and they ceased building the city
earth and they ceased building the city
earth and they ceased building the city there for its name is called Babel
there for its name is called Babel
there for its name is called Babel because there the Lord confused the
because there the Lord confused the
because there the Lord confused the language of all the earth and from there
language of all the earth and from there
language of all the earth and from there the Lord scattered them abroad over the
the Lord scattered them abroad over the
the Lord scattered them abroad over the face of all the earth
this is the genealogy of Shem Shem was
this is the genealogy of Shem Shem was 100 years old and begat Arphaxad
100 years old and begat Arphaxad
100 years old and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood after he begat
two years after the flood after he begat
two years after the flood after he begat Arphaxad Shem lived five hundred years
Arphaxad Shem lived five hundred years
Arphaxad Shem lived five hundred years and begat sons and daughters
and begat sons and daughters
and begat sons and daughters are facts ed lived 35 years and begat
are facts ed lived 35 years and begat
are facts ed lived 35 years and begat Saylor after he begat Saylor our facts
Saylor after he begat Saylor our facts
Saylor after he begat Saylor our facts had lived four hundred and three years
had lived four hundred and three years
had lived four hundred and three years and begat sons and daughters
and begat sons and daughters
and begat sons and daughters Saylor lived thirty years and begat Eber
Saylor lived thirty years and begat Eber
Saylor lived thirty years and begat Eber after he begat Eber Saylor lived four
after he begat Eber Saylor lived four
after he begat Eber Saylor lived four hundred and three years and begat sons
hundred and three years and begat sons
hundred and three years and begat sons and daughters
and daughters
and daughters Eber lived thirty-four years and begat P
Eber lived thirty-four years and begat P
Eber lived thirty-four years and begat P leg after he begat P leg Eber lived four
leg after he begat P leg Eber lived four
leg after he begat P leg Eber lived four hundred and thirty years and begat sons
hundred and thirty years and begat sons
hundred and thirty years and begat sons and daughters
and daughters
and daughters Peleg lived thirty years and begat Ryu
Peleg lived thirty years and begat Ryu
Peleg lived thirty years and begat Ryu after he begat reel P leg lived two
after he begat reel P leg lived two
after he begat reel P leg lived two hundred and nine years and begat sons
hundred and nine years and begat sons
hundred and nine years and begat sons and daughters
and daughters
and daughters Ryu lived thirty two years and begat
Ryu lived thirty two years and begat
Ryu lived thirty two years and begat sirak after he begat serug reel lived
sirak after he begat serug reel lived
sirak after he begat serug reel lived two hundred and seven years and begat
two hundred and seven years and begat
two hundred and seven years and begat sons and daughters
sons and daughters
sons and daughters Selig lived thirty years and begat nahor
Selig lived thirty years and begat nahor
Selig lived thirty years and begat nahor after he begat nahor Selig lived two
after he begat nahor Selig lived two
after he begat nahor Selig lived two hundred years and begat sons and
hundred years and begat sons and
hundred years and begat sons and daughters
daughters
daughters nahor lived twenty nine years and begat
nahor lived twenty nine years and begat
nahor lived twenty nine years and begat Kira after he begat terah nahor lived
Kira after he begat terah nahor lived
Kira after he begat terah nahor lived one hundred and nineteen years and begat
one hundred and nineteen years and begat
one hundred and nineteen years and begat sons and daughters
sons and daughters
sons and daughters now Terah lived 70 years and begat Abram
now Terah lived 70 years and begat Abram
now Terah lived 70 years and begat Abram Nahor and Haran
Nahor and Haran
Nahor and Haran this is the genealogy of Tirra Tirra
this is the genealogy of Tirra Tirra
this is the genealogy of Tirra Tirra begat Abram Nahor and Haran Haran begat
begat Abram Nahor and Haran Haran begat
begat Abram Nahor and Haran Haran begat lot and Hayden died before his father
lot and Hayden died before his father
lot and Hayden died before his father Terah in his native land in ur of the
Terah in his native land in ur of the
Terah in his native land in ur of the chaldeans then Abram and Nahor took
chaldeans then Abram and Nahor took
chaldeans then Abram and Nahor took wives the name of Abraham's wife was
wives the name of Abraham's wife was
wives the name of Abraham's wife was Sara and the name of nee hos wife milker
Sara and the name of nee hos wife milker
Sara and the name of nee hos wife milker the daughter of Hiram the father of
the daughter of Hiram the father of
the daughter of Hiram the father of Milkha and the father of ISKCON but
Milkha and the father of ISKCON but
Milkha and the father of ISKCON but Sarai was barren she had no child
Sarai was barren she had no child
Sarai was barren she had no child antara took his son Abram and his
antara took his son Abram and his
antara took his son Abram and his grandson lot the son of Haran and his
grandson lot the son of Haran and his
grandson lot the son of Haran and his daughter-in-law Sarah his son Abrams
daughter-in-law Sarah his son Abrams
daughter-in-law Sarah his son Abrams wife and they went out with them from ur
wife and they went out with them from ur
wife and they went out with them from ur of the chaldeans to go to the land of
of the chaldeans to go to the land of
of the chaldeans to go to the land of Canaan and they came to Haran and dwelt
Canaan and they came to Haran and dwelt
Canaan and they came to Haran and dwelt there so the days of Terah were 205
there so the days of Terah were 205
there so the days of Terah were 205 years and Terah died in Haran
years and Terah died in Haran
years and Terah died in Haran [Music]